**Mission Statement**

To say dpora is just entertainment would be too simplistic. Yes, it is entertaining but it is also challenging & engaging. Above that, dpora elicits emotion & stimulates ideas. Ah-ha moments are shared in the moment, meaningfully, and only for that moment. This type of sharing does not follow the typical social media method of a mostly one-way post to hundreds (or even millions), valuing breadth over depth. That method produces a cacophony of everyone trying to be heard at once. Rather than being preoccupied with adding to the noise, dpora places more importance on being personal with a select random few. Everyone's voice is equal and just as powerful as anyone else's. This is where an understanding of multiple viewpoints can happen; where herd mentality doesn't dominate. This is where real discourse can occur. 

The greatest, most precious resource of dpora is its users. Without them, it's useless code, words without substance and just another app. Users of dpora seeks to temporarily connect with others to share their thoughts and feelings. It's not a platform to preach or to vent. It's not a place people go to attempt to change others to their way of thinking. In fact, it's quite the opposite. People who use dpora want to be exposed to different modes of thought. They want to express their personality while apprecating what others have to offer.

There are many "anti-social" people out there who have fantastic minds but may find face-to-face interaction intimidating or distracting. By using dpora, the ideas themselves become the focus; visual appearance is unimportant and irrelevant. dpora offers strangers an unintrusive opportunity to discuss topics across boundries. These boundries could be geographic, political, language, ideological, and more. dpora strives to provide stimulating group discussions free from these boundries. Hopefully you'll leave each session with new knowledge or perhaps have positively influenced someone else. 

dpora is a safe place that protects users' identities while also limiting their exposure to bad actors. No data is mined on individuals because no personal data is saved. dpora strives to be as open and transparent as possible. It's source code is available as open source for all to see and for anyone to improve. Perhaps at a later phase to better align with this goal, dpora will move to a distributed system (e.g., using an InterPlanetary File System or as a decentralized app running on top of a blockchain), so it cannot be controlled by a single entity.

Anyone, anywhere should be able to connect with other individuals to share their mind, to broaden their perspective, to connect with others and to be social without a history trail, unexpected repercussions or intimidating distractions.
